[Term Entry] Dart Type Conversion .toDouble() (#4630)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concepts/type-conversion/terms/toDouble/toDouble.md

> ---
> Title: '.toDouble()'
> Description: 'Returns the double representation of the number's value.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Developer Tools'
> Tags:
>   - 'Dart'
>   - 'Data Types'
>   - 'Methods'
>   - 'Numbers'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-dart'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.toDouble()'
Description: 'Returns the double representation of the number's value'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Dart'
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Numbers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> In Dart, **`.toDouble()`** is a method used to convert numeric [data types](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/dart/data-types), such as `int`, into its double-precision floating-point representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Dart, **`.toDouble()`** is a method used to convert numeric [data types](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/dart/data-types), such as `int`, to their double-precision floating-point representation.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
numericValue.toDouble();
```

- `numericValue`: Represents the variable that we want to convert to `double`.

> ## Example
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

The following example demonstrates how the `.toDouble()` method is used to convert a number to double:

```

```dart
void main() {
  int number = 3; 
  double value = number.toDouble();
  print("Output = ${value}");
}
```

> The above code returns the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code produces the following output:
```

```shell
Output = 3.0

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Note:** The output `3.0` is a double. This can be confirmed by checking `value.runtimeType`.
```
